Let go of me.
Victor, what are you doing?
Oh, I suspect there are suspicious individuals
innovating the records from attempting
to leak out SDM's trade sequence.
What?
Is one of the errors?
Is there anything wrong with me reviewing the documents?
Oh, but of course not.
You can investigate as much as you want.
That was talking about.
Without proof of defamation.
Why in such a hurry?
It's just a routine interrogation, right?
You're not guilty, are you?
Afraid to cooperate with the law?
I'm not afraid of anything.
I hope you don't regret your actions.
Officers, take her out of here.
Call Ben.
He'll know what to do.
Evan, let's go.
I would consider that proposal I made on the phone.
If you do, I may consider letting Caroline go.
Get out of here.